README.md, before:

# DSA


<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0494-target-sum](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0494-target-sum) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [1063-best-sightseeing-pair](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1063-best-sightseeing-pair) |
| [1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop) |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0205-isomorphic-strings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0205-isomorphic-strings) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop) |
| [1737-maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1737-maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses) |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop) |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0005-longest-palindromic-substring](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0005-longest-palindromic-substring) |
| [0008-string-to-integer-atoi](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0008-string-to-integer-atoi) |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0205-isomorphic-strings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0205-isomorphic-strings) |
| [1737-maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1737-maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses) |
| [1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0005-longest-palindromic-substring](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0005-longest-palindromic-substring) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0494-target-sum](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0494-target-sum) |
| [1063-best-sightseeing-pair](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1063-best-sightseeing-pair) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row) |
| [2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree) |
| [2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level) |
| [3058-maximum-number-of-k-divisible-components](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3058-maximum-number-of-k-divisible-components) |
| [3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row) |
| [2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree) |
| [3058-maximum-number-of-k-divisible-components](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3058-maximum-number-of-k-divisible-components) |
| [3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row) |
| [2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree) |
| [2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level) |
| [3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row) |
| [2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree) |
| [2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level) |
## Binary Indexed Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Segment Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0005-longest-palindromic-substring](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0005-longest-palindromic-substring) |
## Graph
|  |
| ------- |
| [3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0494-target-sum](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0494-target-sum) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

0151-REVERSE-WORDS-IN-A-STRING Stats: Time: 7 ms (21.86%), Space: 23.3 MB (21.43%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# DSA


<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0494-target-sum](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0494-target-sum) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [1063-best-sightseeing-pair](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1063-best-sightseeing-pair) |
| [1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop) |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0205-isomorphic-strings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0205-isomorphic-strings) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
## Binary Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Bit Manipulation
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
## Sorting
|  |
| ------- |
| [0268-missing-number](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0268-missing-number) |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
## Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop) |
| [1737-maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1737-maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses) |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Monotonic Stack
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
| [1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1570-final-prices-with-a-special-discount-in-a-shop) |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Greedy
|  |
| ------- |
| [0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0780-max-chunks-to-make-sorted) |
## String
|  |
| ------- |
| [0005-longest-palindromic-substring](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0005-longest-palindromic-substring) |
| [0008-string-to-integer-atoi](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0008-string-to-integer-atoi) |
| [0013-roman-to-integer](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0013-roman-to-integer) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
| [0205-isomorphic-strings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0205-isomorphic-strings) |
| [1737-maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1737-maximum-nesting-depth-of-the-parentheses) |
| [1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [0005-longest-palindromic-substring](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0005-longest-palindromic-substring) |
| [0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0121-best-time-to-buy-and-sell-stock) |
| [0494-target-sum](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0494-target-sum) |
| [1063-best-sightseeing-pair](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1063-best-sightseeing-pair) |
## Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row) |
| [2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree) |
| [2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level) |
| [3058-maximum-number-of-k-divisible-components](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3058-maximum-number-of-k-divisible-components) |
| [3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees) |
## Depth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row) |
| [2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree) |
| [3058-maximum-number-of-k-divisible-components](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3058-maximum-number-of-k-divisible-components) |
| [3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees) |
## Breadth-First Search
|  |
| ------- |
| [0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row) |
| [2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree) |
| [2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level) |
| [3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees) |
## Binary Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0515-find-largest-value-in-each-tree-row) |
| [2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2493-reverse-odd-levels-of-binary-tree) |
| [2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/2558-minimum-number-of-operations-to-sort-a-binary-tree-by-level) |
## Binary Indexed Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Segment Tree
|  |
| ------- |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Heap (Priority Queue)
|  |
| ------- |
| [3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3181-find-building-where-alice-and-bob-can-meet) |
## Two Pointers
|  |
| ------- |
| [0005-longest-palindromic-substring](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0005-longest-palindromic-substring) |
| [0151-reverse-words-in-a-string](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0151-reverse-words-in-a-string) |
## Graph
|  |
| ------- |
| [3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/3439-find-minimum-diameter-after-merging-two-trees) |
## Counting
|  |
| ------- |
| [1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/1890-sum-of-beauty-of-all-substrings) |
## Backtracking
|  |
| ------- |
| [0494-target-sum](https://github.com/BEaANIKET/DSA/tree/master/0494-target-sum) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
